This recording
At first, I wanted to go
to the shopping center to file a complaint
Complain about some people
Doing indecent things
in public places
But I never expected
that I would be the one to lose face
Zhang Wen Xu
Exciting, isn’t it?
Do you want to play something even more exciting?
I’ll take this recording
to the shopping center’s broadcasting station
and play it for everyone to hear
It’s her
She seduced you
Zhang Wen Xu
What are you talking about?
Shut up
She kept seducing me
I clearly rejected her
But she kept on
Zhang Wen Xu, you bastard
Shut up
My wife doesn’t want to see you anymore
Get out
Honey
Honey, I was wrong
Can you forgive me just this once?
Can I still trust you?
Yes
I won’t make this mistake again
Honey
Zhang Wen Xu
Stop talking nonsense
Let’s divorce
Honey, don’t make a scene
Zhang Wen Xu
Your little lover is waiting for you
You
don’t even know how many times
you promised her, divorce me
Impossible, absolutely not
How could I have promised her that?
Do you remember when you were so overweight?
I never left you
How could I leave now?
I never cheated on you,
honey, you have to believe me
More and more people
are suppressing it
Otherwise, the reputation I
worked so hard to build will be ruined
Everyone
Is there anyone who knows
Zhang Wen Xu from Jian An Group?
Is this President Zhang?
Is this Jian An Group?
I heard before that
he made it big thanks to his wife’s family
Who would have thought he’d cheat?
How could someone like this not divorce?
Exactly, exactly